---
post: September 9 to 12 in Senior Design class

---

Monday:
We discussed about how we feel that working group with COMP490. CIT and CS are different work and have different skills. CS does focus on agile development. CIT doesn’t. I learned one interesting word called “Social loafer”. It does mean one doesn’t do work with group and doesn’t contribute ideas and discussion. One doesn’t have well-effort work and think group is doing wrong, so the group will fail included one! Social loafer is not good for teamwork. I want to know how to deal with social loafer. The groups have lack of leadership that why they failed. Leadership is the important key and to communicate with group well. We try do our best and work hard with leadership skills. We will be random chosen as becoming scrum leader. I don’t want be leader, although, I will learn more later. Students don’t like team, so they choose wrong major. CIT and CS requires teamwork skill for future work.

Tuesday:
Airplane game is to help the group understand and their time management. Design discussion in 1 minute, then build airplane paper in 3 minutes. I think 1 minute is not enough for us thinking which best design. It is too fast paced for us to make ready for build. Almost every group failed in first attempt during test stage. My group and I made too many products in a hurry that why we failed. We should build product slowly and make good quality. Airplane paper needs be good quality, although we struggled with that building airplane paper. We made successful airplane test stage with different scrum leader. He taught us to how design airplane. 

Wednesday:
We discussed about agile and scrum. I learned lot about lecture. How waterfall requirement works. It said document every of the way, follow software engineer principles, agree upon document, and PLAN is important. The Agile Manifesto is a published declaration of the intentions, motives, or views of issues. I tried to follow what lecture about agile manifesto. Self-organization and motivation are important. I should motivate more and work with team next time. Scrum is key important for each sprint work products and follow document to make good quality.

Thursday:
Professor is talking about git and github. I know what is them, although I still learning about more. I was taught how to git and make github before. I learned what is branch, pull, push, and checkout in CLI. I didn’t know them before. Git was hard for me because I don’t have experience. I will learn and practice with git for future work. Git is very serious to be careful, otherwise the project will screw up because of git in CLI faulty is easy to make mistake. Senior class is worth for me to get better experience before I find internship and real job. 
