---
post: Cephadm for Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa

---
Ceph-deploy command is no longer supported for Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa. New command called cephadm that is similar as ceph-deploy command. It is recommended method for Ubuntu 20.04 Focal Fossa. Cephadm’s requirement is docker, SSH, and NTP services installed in ubuntu 20.04. There are some instruction that they can help cephadm installation and guide. Docker is for running containers. SSH is Secure Remote Login and File Transfer, for example, the server’s IP address can route to other server’s IP address in the network using SSH protocol. Two IP address must be communicated as using SSH and TCP. TCP is Transmission Control Protocol. It assigned IP address to the server. NTP is Network Time Protocol that it belongs to oldest parts of the TCP/IP protocol suite and applies to both the protocol and the client-server program that run on the servers.  Ceph monitor, ceph-mon is responsible for managing authentication between daemons and clients. Three Ceph monsters are needed for redundancy and high availability. Ceph manager, ceph-mgr is responsible for keeping track of runtime metrics and the current state of the Ceph cluster, including storage utilization, current performance metrics, and system load. And it includes a web-based Ceph Dashboard. Two Ceph managers are needed for high availability. Ceph OSD, object storage daemon, ceph-osd is to stores data, handles data replication, recovery, rebalancing, and provides some monitoring information to Ceph monitors and managers by checking other Ceph OSD Daemons for a heartbeat. Three Ceph OSDs are needed for redundancy and high availability. 
