---
post: Lab 5 and Lab 6

---

To build database server and interact with DB using an app. Amazon RDS is Amazon Relational Database Service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud computing. It can provide cost-efficient and resizable capacity while managing time-consuming database administration tasks. Amazon RDS can provide with six familiar database engines: Amazon Aurora Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MariaDB. Good benefits are easy to administer, highly scalable, and Available and durable, and pay cheaper. Amazon RDS is more faster and secure that it is easy to control network access to database. It allows database instance is running in VPC Amazon RDS has better backup option and snapshot option that are easy automatic. That is great features for store data in database cloud server. 

Elastic Load Balancing is to make automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple Amazon EC2 instances. It enables that achieve fault tolerance in applications by providing the required amount of load balancing capacity needed to route application traffic.

Auto Scaling helps maintain application availability and allows to scale Amazon EC2 capacity out or in automatically according to conditions define. Auto Scaling can help ensure that Amazon EC2 instance are running what it needs desired number. Auto scaling can automatically increase or decrease capacity during lulls to reduce costs. It helps more saving costs. Without Auto scaling group, Amazon EC2 instance will cost more money for storage, network, and expensive instance type. It needs auto scaling group to reduce cost better. To create launch configuration to make automatically create instances and set up Auto scaling group to adjust average CPU limit as target size is 50-60%. If more than 60% of average CPU, EC2 instances will automatically shutdown or stop by using auto scaling group. It will inform CloudWatch event why instances are stopping. CloudWatch event will alarm if auto scaling group triggered to stop EC2 instances. CloudWatch will inform how much average CPU and check what is time that how long EC2 instance running and CPU goes up or down.
