---
post: AWS and Lambda

---

January 27, 2020 to January 30, 2020

I learned about the docker, ubuntu command line in AWS, and Lambda function. I still practice with Linux command line and docker. I almost never use docker. I didn’t know docker in my Windows laptop can use the Linux command line. I should be getting used to it. Docker has Linux container. I switched Windows container to Linux container on my laptop. It makes easy to use for me! I have a difficult time using the command line as Windows container. I hate it. I wish I buy mac laptop because it is easy to type the command line in the terminal. I am honest, terminal is better than command prompt. My team and I struggled with the ubuntu server in AWS and Lambda function. I didn’t know ubuntu server in AWS always needs update and upgrade. Furthermore, it needs to install yum, go, boom, and more in the command line. I tried to type and fail. Repeat, repeat, repeat…. I can’t do it. We tried to follow Lambda function instruction and many methods then still fail. I thought we use git command. Scrum master uses go command instead of git. Lambda function instruction said go command on github.com. We will try again next time. I read AWS Lambda benefits. No servers to manage, continuous scaling, subsecond metering, and consistent performance. I never thought about it. AWS Lambda could help to reduce the cost and build cheaper we don’t pay too much on depending AWS instances. We need to make sure checking how much cost to build AWS instance and correct function.

New things are fun to learn! 
